Update docs for SCIM GA (some features in beta) (#3279)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/guides/configure/auth-strategies/enterprise-connections/saml/custom-provider.mdx

  Learn more about [how to access the metadata from our APIs](/docs/guides/users/extending).

>   #### Map custom attributes (beta)

Reviewer: Small consistency question.

The OIDC version of this same section is `## Map custom attributes (optional)`, and here it's `#### Map custom attributes (beta)`. 

Just double checking the should the different and not the same (ie. they're in different stages of maturity/availability).

Author: I believe they should be in the same state. @kalafut and @gabrielmeloc22 were checking if oidc custom attribute mapping behaved the same

Reviewer 2: I took that section off from OIDC since we still don't have custom attributes for OIDC connections; it will be available only for SAML for now.

>   In addition to the standard attribute mappings, you can sync custom attributes from your IdP (such as `department` or `employee_id`) into Clerk's `publicMetadata`. Custom attribute definitions are configured at the enterprise connection level and are shared with your SCIM/Directory Sync connection if one is enabled.

Reviewer: Just above this, the **Map other claims** section explains how to land IdP claims in `publicMetadata` by prepending `public_metadata_` to the claim name. 

Now we're also introducing the shared custom-attribute flow, which also writes to `publicMetadata`. 

From a reader's perspective it's not obvious which mechanism they should reach for first. Are they equivalent? Is the prefix approach the ad-hoc option and this one the recommended path? Or is `public_metadata_*` being phased out?

A one-line clarifier at the top of this subsection distinguishing the two would probably save readers (and support) a round trip.

Author: yeah that makes sense. we're supporting both methods. the `public_metadata_` prefix is how you would do it through saml, while this is for scim. will add a clarifying sentence

  Learn more about [how to access the metadata from our APIs](/docs/guides/users/extending).

  #### Map custom attributes (beta)

>   The `public_metadata_*` claim-name prefix described above is the SAML-only way to land IdP claims in `publicMetadata`. The shared custom attribute flow below is the recommended path when Directory Sync is also enabled on the connection, because the same attribute definitions apply to both SSO and SCIM.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  The `public_metadata_*` claim-name prefix described above is the SAML-only way to add IdP claims to `publicMetadata`. The shared custom attribute flow below is the recommended path when Directory Sync is also enabled on the connection, because the same attribute definitions apply to both SSO and SCIM.
```
